hmm by home for the crazy person to bum
song the girl d kappa twin dress salad
give homage is where we go as we sell
big boss doesn't take a shot yep I do
yeah milk orange juice water bread and
cheese apples and bananas cookies and
chocolate that's not on something it
would rip it repeat please okay uh yeah
uh milk orange juice water bread cheese
apples bananas cookies add chopped well
still do you did milk she the hose
orange juice hello Walter you found red
yellow cheese dip bum apples Lebanon
bananas d be sweet okies you chakra
chocolate las fait beaucoup choice
columns Siobhan Finneran priests bike no
no no your bikes too slow
goodbye car my car my green car ah my
cars fast yeah don't go by bike too slow
my cars fast very fast okay Jim see home
hunt about you say passage oh I love my
car red green blue must be read your
dishes you know who I know um yellow
green I'm sure it's green there you go
oh yeah no matter it is an also GV come
back it's not a big problem it's a
smoker
me my misery where's my house principal
mrs. Fisher consetta now set for cedar
trees big big trees judge ppl Raleigh
look I'm Mikey yes look a monkey
boy let the kids on it a malevolent he's
cleaning his teeth monkey is clearing
estate ha look at me cleaning my teeth
50 bikini body haha i know the trees
room key is returned now stop eyes look
monkey big a teaspoon small James big
Oh